Update fabric-website readme (#7642)
OfficeDev/office-ui-fabric-react: apps/fabric-website/README.md

1.  `git clone https://github.com/OfficeDev/office-ui-fabric-react.git` - this is the [Office UI Fabric React project](https://github.com/OfficeDev/office-ui-fabric-react) which you will want to name _office-ui-fabric-react_
2.  `npm install` the Fabric React project you just cloned in the previous step.
3.  `npm run buildfast` to build the dependencies of fabric-website

> 4.  In the command prompt change directories to the fabric-website director in apps `cd apps/fabric-website/`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4.  In the command prompt change directories to the fabric-website directory in apps folder: `cd apps/fabric-website/`.
```

Author: Wow after actually reading all the steps in that section (instead of just moving them), I found several things that could use improvement... Now updated.
